python_reference_links.md, before:

# Python (Reference Links)
Sources for [my own reference (Python)](https://github.com/adamszymanowski/python-reference/blob/main/python.md)

## Keywords
[keyword list](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/keyword-list)
- [import, as](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#import)
- [boolean operations](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#boolean-operations-and-or-not)
- [assert](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=assert#the-assert-statement)
- [assert keyword](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-assert-keyword/)
- [await](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/expressions.html#await)
- [control flow, break, continue](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html)
- [define class](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/classes.html?highlight=class#class-definition-syntax)
- [defining functions](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#defining-functions)
- [del](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/del)
- [handling exeptions](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html#handling-exceptions)
  * [exception handling](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/exception-handling)
- [for](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#for-statements)
  * [for loop](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/for-loop)
- [global](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=global#the-global-statement)
  * [global keyword](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/global-keyword)
- [lambda](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html?highlight=lambda#lambda-expressions)
- [pass](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=nonlocal#the-pass-statement)
  * [pass statement](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/pass-statement)
- [raise](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=nonlocal#the-raise-statement)
- [try](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html?highlight=try#the-try-statement)
- [with](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html?highlight=try#the-with-statement)
- [yield](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-generator)

- [True, False, None](https://docs.python.org/3/library/constants.html?highlight=false#False)

Commit message:

Start adding built-in functions

python_reference_links.md, after:

# Python (Reference Links)
Sources for [my own reference (Python)](https://github.com/adamszymanowski/python-reference/blob/main/python.md)

## Keywords
[keyword list](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/keyword-list)
- [import, as](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#import)
- [boolean operations](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#boolean-operations-and-or-not)
- [assert](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=assert#the-assert-statement)
- [assert keyword](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-assert-keyword/)
- [await](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/expressions.html#await)
- [control flow, break, continue](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html)
- [define class](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/classes.html?highlight=class#class-definition-syntax)
- [defining functions](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#defining-functions)
- [del](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/del)
- [handling exeptions](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html#handling-exceptions)
  * [exception handling](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/exception-handling)
- [for](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#for-statements)
  * [for loop](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/for-loop)
- [global](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=global#the-global-statement)
  * [global keyword](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/global-keyword)
- [lambda](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html?highlight=lambda#lambda-expressions)
- [pass](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=nonlocal#the-pass-statement)
  * [pass statement](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/pass-statement)
- [raise](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html?highlight=nonlocal#the-raise-statement)
- [try](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html?highlight=try#the-try-statement)
- [with](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html?highlight=try#the-with-statement)
- [yield](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-generator)
- [True, False, None](https://docs.python.org/3/library/constants.html?highlight=false#False)

## Built-in functions
[built-in functions (docs)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html)
- [built-in functions (programiz)](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in/abs)

## Built-In Types
[stdtypes](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#)

## Format Specification Mini-Language
[Format Specification Mini-Language](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#formatspec)
